Update README (#461)
canonical/microcloud: README.md

To use local storage, each machine requires a local disk.
To use distributed storage, at least three additional disks (not only partitions) for use by Ceph are required, and these disks must be on at least three different machines.

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
```

Author: fixed

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)
```

Author: fixed

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Reviewer 2: I guess we have to apply some scaling, otherwise the image takes up the entire width, see https://github.com/canonical/microcloud/blob/48df987a28d309d0491e4c80f375153d7dbd57b5/README.md.

Would something like this work?

```html
<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img alt="MicroCloud logo" width="33%" src="doc/images/microcloud_logo_dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only">
    <img alt="MicroCloud logo" width="33%" src="doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only">
</p>
```

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Author: > What is the reason for displaying both logos here? Shouldn't it be only one of them?

only one is shown at a time depending on whether you use dark or light mode.

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Reviewer 2: Did some tests, if we use `10%` scaling it's almost the same before.

Now I am asking myself why the original picture was even placed there in between the lines?
Should we maybe place the new logo right at the top?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/246dcaf2-4761-41d8-92c0-fc56aee8a03a)

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Reviewer 2: Or let it float on the left like the rest of the page:

![Screenshot from 2024-11-08 14-17-19](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/be2905dd-642e-413f-87fa-0bf6f864165e)

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Author: This one looks niftier ;)

> ![MicroCloud logo](doc/images/microcloud_logo_light.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

Reviewer 2: Looks good, thanks.

<!-- include start about -->

> The MicroCloud snap drives three other snaps ([LXD](https://canonical-microcloud.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/lxd/), [MicroCeph](https://canonical-microcloud.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/microceph/), and [MicroOVN](https://canonical-microcloud.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/microovn/)), enabling automated deployment of a highly available LXD cluster for compute with Ceph as the storage driver and OVN as the managed network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MicroCloud snap drives three other snaps ([LXD](https://canonical-microcloud.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/lxd/), [MicroCeph](https://canonical-microcloud.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/microceph/), and [MicroOVN](https://canonical-microcloud.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/microovn/)), enabling automated deployment of a highly available LXD cluster for compute, with Ceph as the storage driver and OVN as the managed network.
```

Author: fixed

By default, MicroCloud uses MicroOVN for networking, which is a minimal wrapper around OVN (Open Virtual Network).
If you decide to not use MicroOVN, MicroCloud falls back on the Ubuntu fan for basic networking.

> You can also decide to add dedicated networks for your Ceph management traffic (also called public traffic) and internal traffic (also called cluster traffic) as well as a dedicated network for OVN underlay traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally add the following dedicated networks:
  - a network for Ceph management traffic (also called public traffic)
  - a network for internal traffic (also called cluster traffic)
  - a network for OVN underlay traffic
```

Author: fixed
